WebOSINT
	What is the name of the company the domain was registered with? 
		Namecheap Inc
	What phone number is listed for the registration company? (do not include country code or special characters/spaces)
		6613102107
	What is the first nameserver listed for the site?
		ns1.brainydns.com
	What is listed for the name of the registrant?
		redacted for privacy
	What country is listed for the registrant?
		Panama
	What is the first name of the blog's author? 
		Steve
	What city and country was the author writing from?
		Gwangju, South Korea
	[Research] What is the name (in English) of the temple inside the National Park the author frequently visits?
		Jeungsimsa Temple
	What was RepublicOfKoffee.com's IP address as of October 2016?
		173.248.188.152
	Based on the other domains hosted on the same IP address, what kind of hosting service can we safely assume our target uses?
		shared
	How many times has the IP address changed in the history of the domain?
		4
	What is the second nameserver listed for the domain?
		NS2.HEAT.NET
	What IP address was the domain listed on as of December 2011?
		72.52.192.240
	Based on domains that share the same IP, what kind of hosting service is the domain owner using?
		shared
	On what date did was the site first captured by the internet archive? (MM/DD/YY format)
		06/01/97
	What is the first sentence of the first body paragraph from the final capture of 2001?
		After years of great online gaming, it’s time to say good-bye.
	Using your search engine skills, what was the name of the company that was responsible for the original version of the site?
		SegaSoft
	What does the first header on the site on the last capture of 2010 say?
		Heat.net – Heating and Cooling
	How many internal links are in the text of the article?
		5
	How many external links are in the text of the article?
		1
	Website in the article's only external link ( that isn't an ad)
		purchase.org
	Try to find the Google Analytics code linked to the site
		UA-251372-24
	Is the the Google Analytics code in use on another website? Yay or nay
		nay
	Does the link to this website have any obvious affiliate codes embedded with it? Yay or Nay
		Nay
	Use the tools in Task 4 to confirm the link between the two sites. Try hard to figure it out without the hint.
		Liquid Web, L.L.C
