


Active Directory Basics
	In a Windows domain, credentials are stored in a centralised repository called...
		Active Directory
	The server in charge of running the Active Directory services is called...
		Domain Controller
	Which group normally administrates all computers and resources in a domain?
		Domain Admins
	What would be the name of the machine account associated with a machine named TOM-PC?
		TOM-PC$
	Suppose our company creates a new department for Quality Assurance. What type of containers should we use to group all Quality Assurance users so that policies can be applied consistently to them?
		Organizational Units
	What was the flag found on Sophie's desktop?
		THM{thanks_for_contacting_support}
	The process of granting privileges to a user over some OU or other AD Object is called...
		delegation
	After organising the available computers, how many ended up in the Workstations OU?
		7
	Is it recommendable to create separate OUs for Servers and Workstations? (yay/nay)
		yay
	What is the name of the network share used to distribute GPOs to domain machines?
		sysvol
	Can a GPO be used to apply settings to users and computers? (yay/nay)
		yay
	Will a current version of Windows use NetNTLM as the preferred authentication protocol by default? (yay/nay)
		nay
	When referring to Kerberos, what type of ticket allows us to request further tickets known as TGS?
		Ticket Granting Ticket
	When using NetNTLM, is a user's password transmitted over the network at any point? (yay/nay)
		nay
	What is a group of Windows domains that share the same namespace called?
		Tree
	What should be configured between two domains for a user in Domain A to access a resource in Domain B?
		A Trust Relationship



Enumeration
	What command would you use to start the PowerShell interactive command line?
		powershell.exe
	In SSH key-based authentication, which key does the client need?
		private key
	What is the Linux distribution used in the VM?
		Ubuntu
	What is its version number?
		20.04.4
	What is the name of the user who last logged in to the system?
		randa
	What is the highest listening TCP port number?
		6667
	What is the program name of the service listening on it?
		inspircd
	There is a script running in the background. Its name starts with THM. What is the name of the script?
		THM-24765.sh
	What is the full OS Name?
		Microsoft Windows Server 2019 Datacenter
	What is the OS Version?
		10.0.17763
	How many hotfixes are installed on this MS Windows Server?
		30
	What is the lowest TCP port number listening on the system?
		22
	What is the name of the program listening on that port?
		sshd.exe
	Knowing that the domain name on the MS Windows Server of IP MACHINE_IP is redteam.thm, use dig to carry out a domain transfer. What is the flag that you get in the records?
		THM{DNS_ZONE}
	What is the name of the share available over SMB protocol and starts with THM? 
		THM{829738}
	Knowing that the community string used by the SNMP service is public, use snmpcheck to collect information about the MS Windows Server of IP MACHINE_IP. What is the location specified?
		THM{SNMP_SERVICE}
	What utility from Sysinternals Suite shows the logged-in users?
		PsLoggedOn



Red Team Fundamentals
Would vulnerability assessments prepare us to detect a real attacker on our networks? (Yay/Nay) 
Nay
During a penetration test, are you concerned about being detected by the client? (Yay/Nay)
Nay
Highly organised groups of skilled attackers are nowadays referred to as ...
Advanced Persistent Threats
The goals of a red team engagement will often be referred to as flags or...
crown jewels
During a red team engagement, common methods used by attackers are emulated against the target. Such methods are usually called TTPs. What does TTP stand for?
Tactics, techniques and procedures
The main objective of a red team engagement is to detect as many vulnerabilities in as many hosts as possible (Yay/Nay)
Nay
What cell is responsible for the offensive operations of an engagement?
Red Cell
What cell is the trusted agent considered part of?
White Cell
If an adversary deployed Mimikatz on a target machine, where would they be placed in the Lockheed Martin cyber kill chain?
Installation
What technique's purpose is to exploit the target's system to execute code?
Exploitation
Click the "View Site" button and follow the example engagement to get the flag
THM{RED_TEAM_ROCKS}



Red Team Engagements
What CIDR range is permitted to be attacked?
10.0.4.0/22
Is the use of white cards permitted? (Y/N)
Y
Are you permitted to access "*.bethechange.xyz?" (Y/N)
N
How many explicit restriction are specified?
3
What is the first access type mentioned in the document?
Phishing
Is the red team permitted to attack 192.168.1.0/24? (Y/N)
N
How long will the engagement last?
1 Month
How long is the red cell expected to maintain persistence?
3 Weeks
What is the primary tool used within the engagement?
Cobalt Strike
When will the engagement end? (MM/DD/YYYY)
11/14/2021
What is the budget the red team has for AWS cloud cost?
$1000
Are there any miscellaneous requirements for the engagement? (Y/N)
N
What phishing method will be employed during the initial access phase?
Spearphishing
What site will be utilized for communication between the client and red cell?
vectr.io
If there is a system outage, the red cell will continue with the engagement. (T/F)
F
When will the phishing campaign end? (mm/dd/yyyy)
10/23/2021
Are you permitted to attack 10.10.6.78? (Y/N)
N
When a stopping condition is encountered, you should continue working and determine the solution yourself without a team lead. (T/F)
F



Red Team Threat Intel
How many Command and Control techniques are employed by Carbanak?
2
What signed binary did Carbanak use for defense evasion?
Rundll32
What Initial Access technique is employed by Carbanak?
Valid Accounts
Once the chain is complete and you have received the flag, submit it below.
THM{7HR347_1N73L_12 _4w35om3}
What web shell is APT 41 known to use?
ASPXSpy
What LOLBAS (Living Off The Land Binaries and Scripts) tool does APT 41 use to aid in file transfers?
certutil
What tool does APT 41 use to mine and monitor SMS traffic?
MESSAGETAP



Red Team OPSEC































