Nmap
	What networking constructs are used to direct traffic to the right application on a server?
		ports
	How many of these are available on any network-enabled computer?	
		65535
	[Research] How many of these are considered "well-known"? (These are the "standard" numbers mentioned in the task)
		1024
	What is the first switch listed in the help menu for a 'Syn Scan' (more on this later!)?	
		-sS
	Which switch would you use for a "UDP scan"?	
		-sU
	If you wanted to detect which operating system the target is running on, which switch would you use?	
		-O
	Nmap provides a switch to detect the version of the services running on the target. What is this switch?	
		-sV
	The default output provided by nmap often does not provide enough information for a pentester. How would you increase the verbosity?	
		-v
	Verbosity level one is good, but verbosity level two is better! How would you set the verbosity level to two?	
		-vv
	What switch would you use to save the nmap results in three major formats?	
		-oA
	What switch would you use to save the nmap results in a "normal" format?	
		-oN
	A very useful output format: how would you save results in a "grepable" format?
		-oG
	How would you activate this setting?	
		-A
	How would you set the timing template to level 5?	
		-T5	
	How would you tell nmap to only scan port 80?	
		-p 80
	How would you tell nmap to scan ports 1000-1500?	
		-p 1000-1500
	How would you tell nmap to scan all ports?	
		-p-
	How would you activate a script from the nmap scripting library (lots more on this later!)?	
		--script
	How would you activate all of the scripts in the "vuln" category?	
		--script=vuln
	Which RFC defines the appropriate behaviour for the TCP protocol?	
		RFC 793
	If a port is closed, which flag should the server send back to indicate this?	
		RST
	There are two other names for a SYN scan, what are they?	
		half-open, stealth
	Can Nmap use a SYN scan without Sudo permissions (Y/N)?	
		n
	If a UDP port doesn't respond to an Nmap scan, what will it be marked as?	
		open|filtered
	When a UDP port is closed, by convention the target should send back a "port unreachable" message. Which protocol would it use to do so?	
		ICMP
	Which of the three shown scan types uses the URG flag?	
		Xmas
	Why are NULL, FIN and Xmas scans generally used?	
		firewall evasion
	Which common OS may respond to a NULL, FIN or Xmas scan with a RST for every port?	
		Microsoft Windows
	How would you perform a ping sweep on the 172.16.x.x network (Netmask: 255.255.0.0) using Nmap? (CIDR notation)	
		nmap -sn 172.16.0.0/16
	What language are NSE scripts written in?	
		Lua
	Which category of scripts would be a very bad idea to run in a production environment?	
		intrusive
	What optional argument can the ftp-anon.nse script take?	
		maxlist
	What is the filename of the script which determines the underlying OS of the SMB server?	
		smb-os-discovery.nse
	Read through this script. What does it depend on?	
		smb-brute
	Which simple (and frequently relied upon) protocol is often blocked, requiring the use of the -Pn switch?	
		ICMP
	[Research] Which Nmap switch allows you to append an arbitrary length of random data to the end of packets?
		--data-length
	Does the target (10.10.160.32)respond to ICMP (ping) requests (Y/N)?	
		n
	Perform an Xmas scan on the first 999 ports of the target -- how many ports are shown to be open or filtered?	
		999
	There is a reason given for this -- what is it?	
		no response
	Perform a TCP SYN scan on the first 5000 ports of the target -- how many ports are shown to be open?	
		5
	Deploy the ftp-anon script against the box. Can Nmap login successfully to the FTP server on port 21? (Y/N)	
		y
